---
title: 2024 Recap and What to Expect in 2025
author: Jay Miller
description: Our executor gives a brief recap of 2024 and a glimpse into the global goals for Black Python Devs.
date: 2025-01-08
layout: post
lang: en
---

2024 was an incredible year for Black Python Devs.

We kicked off May with our official Non-Profit status through joining the GNOME Foundation.

With the help from hundreds of folks at PyCon US, we raised $21,000 to help us with our goals for 2024 and 2025. Grants from the PSF as well as further donations brought our total for the year to over $30,000.

We sponsored 10 events across the US and Africa, hosted one of our own, and partnered with another. Some key achievements include:

- Launching our first user group in Accra, Ghana
- Creating a space for mentorship, networking, and sharing knowledge through our Coffee and Code weekly sessions
- Establishing partnerships with companies like Prelude.tech and O'Reilly Media to make resources more affordable and available to Black Python Devs

<div style="position: relative; width: 100%; height: 0; padding-top: 56.2500%;
 padding-bottom: 0; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px 0 rgba(63,69,81,0.16); margin-top: 1.6em; margin-bottom: 0.9em; overflow: hidden;
 border-radius: 8px; will-change: transform;">
  <iframe loading="lazy" style="position: absolute; width: 100%; height: 100%; top: 0; left: 0; border: none; padding: 0;margin: 0;"
    src="https://www.canva.com/design/DAGbnweUoGY/-WaS6yuP3nwUW_lEH4TNKA/view?embed" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allow="fullscreen">
  </iframe>
</div>
<a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.canva.com&#x2F;design&#x2F;DAGbnweUoGY&#x2F;-WaS6yuP3nwUW_lEH4TNKA&#x2F;view?utm_content=DAGbnweUoGY&amp;utm_campaign=designshare&amp;utm_medium=embeds&amp;utm_source=link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Est. Breakdown of Growth and Expenses</a> by Black Python Devs

## What's in Store for 2025

Our primary goal is to increase awareness of our [community](https://blackpythondevs.com/community) across our target regions. We're closing in on 1000 developers in our community and we want to continue to bring the community together.

### Conference Support

2025 is where we will demonstrate our full potential. Last year, we sponsored select conferences to evaluate our impact. This included 10 events between the US and Africa. We also helped fund a workshop in Harare, Zimbabwe and held our first [Leadership Summit](https://blackpythondevs.com/leadership-summit-2024).

<div style="position: relative; width: 100%; height: 0; padding-top: 56.2500%;
 padding-bottom: 0; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px 0 rgba(63,69,81,0.16); margin-top: 1.6em; margin-bottom: 0.9em; overflow: hidden;
 border-radius: 8px; will-change: transform;">
  <iframe loading="lazy" style="position: absolute; width: 100%; height: 100%; top: 0; left: 0; border: none; padding: 0;margin: 0;"
    src="https://www.canva.com/design/DAGQkaiQC88/yj4db7cTv711QB6D3HF5PQ/view?embed" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allow="fullscreen">
  </iframe>
</div>
<a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.canva.com&#x2F;design&#x2F;DAGQkaiQC88&#x2F;yj4db7cTv711QB6D3HF5PQ&#x2F;view?utm_content=DAGQkaiQC88&amp;utm_campaign=designshare&amp;utm_medium=embeds&amp;utm_source=link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">BPD X Conference Logos</a> by Black Python Devs

This year, our plan is to increase our support for existing partner events while adding new partnerships.

### User Groups

We've been working to bring user groups to locations around the world. Last year, we established our first BPD Community in Accra. In 2025, we aim to launch at least two more user groups. We also plan to directly support existing user groups in areas that serve Black Python developers.

### More Support for Our Community

We plan to build upon our work with open source and developer resources. Through collaboration with professionals, we'll bring resources to the community through workshops, user group events, and books!

## Leadership Changes

We recently announced changes in our leadership structure, appointing [Regional Executors](https://blackpythondevs.com/2024-12-16-bpd-announces-regional-executors/). These leaders will address our global goals as well as their regional visions in the near future.

Our first concern among this shift in leadership style is determining the correct scope and length. Currently leaders serve in a continental capacity. It's reasonable for them to build teams to help oversee smaller sub-regions.

We're also excited as these moves allow us to work with more leaders at a local level and better understand the concerns with more granularity and focus.

## We Continue to Need Your Support

Last year, we exceeded our fundraising expectations, setting us up for early success in 2025. However, our current plans require continued support from the Python community.

We hope to maintain strong individual support while gaining additional corporate sponsors to help us support the developers who make up their diverse talent pools.

If you or your company would like to support us, please visit our [support page](https://blackpythondevs.com/support) or email us at <support@blackpythondevs.com>.

Our goal is to make 2025 the best year possible for Black Python developers around the world, and we thank you for your continued support in making that happen.
